IF YOU HAVE AN ANSWER TO ANY OF THE THINGS STATED BELOW PLEASE WRITE IT DOWN!!!

ex. 
1. drive
  a. We need a controller to drive it.
      PS4 Controller.

Please add stuff I missed.

INPUTS:
  1. accelerometer math and code
    a. We need to balance on a teetertoter.
    b. Right now we are importing:
      edu.wpi.first.wpilibj.interfaces.Accelerometer;
      edu.wpi.first.wpilibj.BuiltInAccelerometer;
    someone needs to find out how to use these and the math. 

  2. limit switch
    a. There will be a limit switch at the robot that the arm will hit when it reaches to high.
    b. Find out what we need to import and how to use it.

  3. encoder math and code
    a. We need to know the angle the arm needs to be to place the cones and cubes.
    b. Find what we need to import and how to use it.
    
  4. distance sensor
    a. There is a distance sensor which detects how far the arm is extending.
    b. We need to know how far the arm needs to extend to place the cones and cubes.
    c. Find out what we need to import and how to use it.
    
  5. controller
    a. Using a PS4 controller.
    b. Right now we are importing:
      edu.wpi.first.math.controller.PIDController;
      edu.wpi.first.wpilibj.PS4Controller;
      
  6. camera
    a. We can add cameras for viewing things. Need it for lining up cones and cubes.
    b. Right now we are importing:
      edu.wpi.first.cscore.UsbCamera;
    c. We can try to figure out AprilTags but that is not a priority.
    

OUTPUTS:
  1. drive motors
    a. 4 drive motors that control 6 wheels.
    b. We have the code for it however we could try to make it better.
    
  2. pneumatic claw
    a. We need to know how to activate the pneumatics in the claw.
    b. Find out what we need to import and how to use it.
  
  3. linear actuator
    a. We are using a linear actuator to lift the arm. 
    b. Find out what we need to import and how to use it.

  4. arm extension motor
    a. We have a motor that extends the arm.
    b. Need to write code for it.
    

AUTOTOMOUS:
  1. we have literally nothing in auto. Someone needs to take charge of this as it would be better for one person to work on it. 
  2. However, this means you need to know how all the outputs and inputs work.
  3. If you decide to work on this, please share your ideas:
    Kevin D: I think we should just get movement points and docking points and ignore putting a cone on unless our teammates can dock. Putting on a cone or cube
    in auto just gets 1 extra point.
